
NUMBER QUESTIONS FOR ALL THE NUMBER CODING CHALLANGE

1.  Your goal in this kata is to implement a difference function, which subtracts one list from another and returns the result. It should remove all values from list a, which are present in list b.

2. Welcome. In this kata, you are asked to square every digit of a number and concatenate them. For example, if we run 9119 through the function, 811181 will come out, because 92 is 81 and 12 is 1. 
Note: The function accepts an integer and returns an integer

3. We need a function that can transform a string into a number. What ways of achieving this do you know?

4. Return an array, where the first element is the count of positives numbers and the second element is sum of negative numbers.
	If the input array is empty or null, return an empty array.

5. There is an array with some numbers. All numbers are equal except for one. Try to find it!
It’s guaranteed that array contains at least 3 numbers. The tests contain some very huge arrays, so think about performance.  

6. This time we want to write calculations using functions and get the results. Let's have a look at some examples:

seven(times(five())); // must return 35
four(plus(nine())); // must return 13
eight(minus(three())); // must return 5
six(dividedBy(two())); // must return 3
Requirements:

There must be a function for each number from 0 ("zero") to 9 ("nine")
There must be a function for each of the following mathematical operations: plus, minus, times, dividedBy (divided_by in Ruby and Python)
Each calculation consist of exactly one operation and two numbers
The most outer function represents the left operand, the most inner function represents the right operand
Division should be integer division. For example, this should return 2, not 2.666666...:

7. 	Given two integers a and b, which can be positive or negative, find the sum of all the integers between including them too and return it. If the two numbers are equal return a or b.
Note: a and b are not ordered!

8. Write a function that takes an array of numbers (integers for the tests) and a target number. It should find two different items in the array that, when added together, give the target value. The indices of these items should then be returned in a tuple like so: (index1, index2).

For the purposes of this kata, some tests may have multiple answers; any valid solutions will be accepted.

The input will always be valid (numbers will be an array of length 2 or greater, and all of the items will be numbers; target will always be the sum of two different items from that array).

Based on: http://oj.leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/

